# Gigenet API documentation

This is the api documentation for Gigenet. It is built on top of Slate. The slate documentation can be found in [README.slate.md](README.slate.md).

The actual documentation of the API calls is autogenerated through this endpoint `/index.php?act=api&do=v2_md`. This will generate
a markdown document describing all our API calls. To update the static version in this repo, simply paste this file into
`source/includes/_api.md` replacing the existing content. Then deploy according to the standard slate instructions.

This autogenerated source will build from the source directories in the CCS tree. The documentation for the method calls comes from the `lib/api/v2/` files where the calls and return values are described. For the api examples they come from the `api_examples/` source tree. In the `ctl/api_docs_v2_md.php` file the list of languages for which we generate API examples is given at the top. To add or remove a language, you need to remove it from this list: 

```
$examples = array(
        'python--boto2',
        'python--boto3',
        'ruby',
        'php',
        'php--raw',
        'go',
        'xml',
);
```

Adding a language here causes the API examples to be generated for each call that there exists an `api_examples/<language>/<apicall>.md` file for. In order to show these examples in the final generated doc site, add it to `language_tabs`.

You can run a local live updating copy of this documentation through `bundle exec middleman server`. See the slate docs for details on dependencies.

The static version of the documentation is generated into the `gh-pages` branch. Access this branch anytime to download the API docs. To regenerate the contents of this branch run the `deploy.sh` script in this directory.
